mara breaking decided to stop and
We load well,
halcon and just
buy stop is not prohibited immediately
at intersections and closer than 5 meters to them
prohibited advertising appeal made
policeman
but
police stones appeals made you
please remember 35 m 4 federal
the law of the police is the same stones
you expect me to question now
please introduce yourself
what equip burmak 327
in the fireplace appeal one even movie
Be kind in full such 5
from 4
Imagine that you, too, will fill
heat
ransom you get me you remember
when appealing a citizen, introduce yourself
please your special titles
position last name first name middle name
and how do you not ask a question not
contact
how I became zones the action of the mark is not
appeal
and your last name is like your last name
the police you turned to me
kaspars
put asked again
cod us in refuses azamat
kicked
Your Zhukov's numbers can see 10 step
eight